fix(examples): add cloudflared support (#88)
PrestaShop/prestashop-flashlight: examples/cloudflared-tunnel/README.md

# Example: cloudflared tunnel

> Cloudflare implement 2 ways of tunneling traffic from its edge ip to your local PrestaShop instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare implements two ways of tunneling traffic from its edge ip to your local PrestaShop instance:
```

1. Quick Tunnels
2. Named Tunnels

Only the Named tunnels (2) are supported in this example for now. Feel free to contribute to automatically guess the quick tunnels metrics from PrestaShop Flashlight.

# Setting up

> First you have to setup the credentials files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you have to set up the credential files:
```
